Add CompatMode configuration (#3667)
informalsystems/hermes: .changelog/unreleased/features/ibc-relayer/3623-compat-mode-configurability.md

> - Add the optional configuration `compat_mode` which can be
>   used to specify which CometBFT compatibility mode is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an optional per-chain setting `compat_mode`, which can be
  used to specify which CometBFT compatibility mode is used for interacting with the node over RPC.
```
